I have to ride one of these and then
transport the other 128 very challenging
right this bag is so perfect is Alberto
based across midcourt
I'm accidentally scallop your shoes
actually meant the dude who makes these
four bags he's based in Toronto awesome
dude he runs this company like all by
himself
the rest over here and just think take
back it can
[Music]
this is going to be on my shoulder this
is going to be on my back
writing my v2 and I'm headed to the East
Village I am chasing the sunlight the
Sun is almost gone I got
[Music]
Sam Shepard yeah can I gonna say right
he has a new toy he's balancing his
balance camera singing what a train I
mean like show a little Wow
you can also triple click for selfie
activation why and then you got the joys
to go here Wow
and then you can change modes that's
insane comes with two sets of batteries
which was like wow thanks yeah I don't
look who does Bret how do you bend BAM
you are in where were you oh yeah and
Shirley right okay really tight Machu
Picchu and sandboarding oh holy crops
how long were you there
google it six kilos man it's a little
girl but I miss New York so much like
coming home when your home is New York
City I know it is it is it is so what
are you doing let me know I'm in the
East Village right now we're going to
show you a video that you're going to
see tomorrow it's basically boosted v2
versus boosted Ford V 1 this is called
Tompkins Square Park in the East Village
do these guys know no portion are you
like yo I'm the dude who like made
fortune
okay just came off music watch your
video this morning I want to start a
company too and it touched my heart
that's inspiring I should go to be like
high achievers you know John Hill like
hi excuse me
and I just girlfriends are coming right
away right over here I was like no like
who else do you watch on YouTube he's
like oh I love John Hill too I was like
Oh his girlfriend's coming here right
now and he's like look at how ridiculous
this is so many boosters words for that
one two three four SEC whole vegan
inboard
the end board and then that's
so ridiculous Brett it's keeping up with
us on a regular skateboard we're both on
the booth headed towards Washington
Square Park little thing this is insane
the Sun is setting my apartment may have
mice but go got the West Side Highway
and abused and the people
[Music]
tell the internet about superiority
various attacks that make up here like
three weeks all vegan food by dolphins
there's a lot of pencils I've had it
once before it's sloppy days like a
sloppy joe but with tofu and a red and
some computer burger is this is where
we're sitting just on the side of the
road and look at this turn up it's like
a pop-up shop oh that's kind of a kick I
mean not a kick but very place I've been
waiting for this desert for money the
Sam cutter has been telling me about
security burgers banana bread and ice
cream we're for one I've tried to get it
the banana bread and ice cream I've been
waiting for this dessert for so long and
the time has come yeah all got it all
got it right oh okay here we go the
perfect bite
you bite the brownie - all together you
get the combo the ice cream Oh bill you
ready what what the heck what is
happening right now
it's like Mario Kart so I can freakin
login
earlier when we were recording this
video Sam looks like yo can't you do
something cool on the board just says
just write it so apparently this is cool
I got to work on it I mean is their
names
jumping and switching it's technically
called a sex change
it's a boosted for sex change well let
me try it just like no good day nice do
that while you're meeting hey I'm ready
oh yes yes yes we the ladder yeah
one more one more
yeah terrifying Sam Frette fun I'll see
you soon
yes it smells good to be in the city
with the squad definitely make sure to
subscribe to the Xu's Sam and Brett and
you haven't subscribe to this channel
yet what are you waiting for
son from Sunday basically before I hung
out with the dudes I was like organizing
reorganizing my entire apartment
and like everything is good and looks
good
besides my bed one of the things where I
just started piling on the things that I
didn't want to organize them in but it's
about the situation right now ever since
getting back home there have been a few
things that I've been dealing with us
with some updates on the situation since
we last talked I actually encountered
another mouse a alive mouse so today I
have been kind of like clogging up hold
I think I found like the point of entry
of these mice got some new traps like
the decon traps and they're like the
snapping traps I got a lot of crap from
some people about sticky traps I didn't
know it was so inhumane now I'm killing
the mice instantly so I hope that's
better
going to get to my hard drive in a
minute that something happened today
that I'm just like really long story
short I am so done with this I'm so done
with like I guess not having a case on
my phone this looks tight this looks
cool right a skin and then a pop rocket
but you know I'm not always pop
pocketing so I do drop my phone
sometimes sometimes like maybe a lot
it's gotten to the point where I've had
to pay the insurance 160 dollars or
whatever it is when you know I crack my
screen or need to get a new phone
and it's getting a lot and tonight I
cracked my science-y bullseye
[Music]
you guys hear those horns it's why I am
why I am wanted why y'all so turnt New
York yeah let me let me show you I was
sitting on my booster board and I was
texting or something I dropped it
straight down onto the board I've never
seen this before I cracked it in the top
left hand corner and then the bottom
right what even is that I've never seen
that before these corners absolutely
fine just top left and top right oh my
gosh
mmm annoying I'm not going to get a new
phone or I'm not fixing the screen until
I find a case that I like or I don't
maybe just a screen protector is enough
I just got to get over this whole clean
minimalistic thing because there's
nothing fun and clean on my minimal
minnow minimalistic about having to pay
$150 every other month to fix my phone
am i right but maybe we can end this on
a good note I got this
Amazon Prime to me ordered it last night
came like eight hours later this is a
wdg4 terabyte hard drive this is pretty
clean looking in my previous video I was
very very stressed and disappointed
because my four terabyte hard drive with
so much Blagh Blagh fish when I used to
be like one a image to am ish it's hard
to talk a 4 terabyte hard drive just hit
the fan it's not working so many of you
guys with suggestions in the comments
amazing amazing honestly the PC fan half
the time you're just my homies love you
guys so much and the other half time
you're like my support group and you
give me suggestions and I learned from
you and it's helpful so thank you anyone
who's who suggested something that I
should do I've been trying things and
actually landed on an app called disk
drill that a lot of you recommended so
this is an app that you download I think
it cost $89
which is still up but $89 is better than
sending it in having someone try to
recover for $2,000 or something crazy
like that when I ran the rebuild on this
I wasn't able to melt it and like get
this to work so I think the next step is
to basically restore it on a new hard
drive and I'm going to cross my pink
processor crossing your fingers right
now so weird why does it so it says in
my video folder that this is seven point
two six terabytes this next mess I'm
going to dive into this hopefully I can
figure it out again thank you so much
for y'all's help
I think I'm optimistic about this
because I see all of the files and
basically I have half of this stuff
backed up on another Drive so I'm just
going to kind of go through check off
what I have and then maybe kind of
folder by folder see what I need to
recover so I hate to leave it on another
cliffhanger but you'll have to see in
the next vlog I post if I got my hard
drive up up and running bummed about my
phone being cracked again but you know
life is good life is actually so good
I'm so thankful for just everything
really for you guys for the internet and
for the people I have in my life it's a
cool time it's officially 2:00 a.m. this
is where I need to decide if I am doing
this and editing all night long partay
or if I'm just going to crash on all of
my clean clothes that are on top of my
bed
who knows life is exciting come back
tomorrow at 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
for the version one booster board versus
version - booster board comparison
review is a lot of fun shooting that
today let me I feel like this very good
a subscribe button down below i post
videos every Monday through Friday 8
p.m. Eastern Standard Time until next
time stay peachy ok buddy
[Music]